My life is my message. Mahatma Gandhi
I love those who can smile in trouble… Leonardo da Vinci
Time means a lot to me because, you see, I, too, am also a learner and am often lost in the joy of forever developing and simplifying. If you love life, don’t waste time, for time is what life is made up of. Bruce Lee
Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans. John Lennon
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not. Andre Gide
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of. Benjamin Franklin
Life is like playing a violin in public and learning the instrument as one goes on. Samuel Butler
In the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years. Abraham Lincoln
You’ve gotta dance like there’s nobody watching. William W. Purkey
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact. William James
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive. Elbert Hubbard
Do stuff. Be clenched, curious. Not waiting for inspiration’s shove or society’s kiss on your forehead. Pay attention. It’s all about paying attention. Attention is vitality. It connects you with others. It makes you eager. Stay eager. Susan Sontag
The heart, like the stomach, wants a varied diet. Gustave Flaubert
I tell you, in this world being a little crazy helps to keep you sane. Zsa Zsa Gabor
We know what we are, but know not what we may be. William Shakespeare
Lighten up, just enjoy life, smile more, laugh more, and don’t get so worked up about things. Kenneth Branagh
The trick in life is learning how to deal with it. Helen Mirren
Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life. Omar Khayyam
Life is too important to be taken seriously. Oscar Wilde
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Don’t gain the world and lose your soul, wisdom is better than silver or gold. Bob Marley
I’m the one that’s got to die when it’s time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to. Bob Marley
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all. Oscar Wilde
Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination. Oscar Wilde
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you’ve imagined. Henry David Thoreau
Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. St. Augustine
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. Mae West
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. Lao Tsu
The unexamined life is not worth living. Socrates
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. Mohandas Gandhi
The best way out is always through. Robern Frost
Our life is frittered away by detail. Simplify, simplify. Henry David Thoreau
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom. George S. Patton
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. George Bernard Shaw
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. Albert Einstein
Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life. Mark Twain
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game. Babe Ruth
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. Confucius
Keep calm and carry on. Winston Churchill
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. William Shakespeare
Life is ours to be spent, not to be saved. D. H. Lawrence
The greatest pleasure of life is love. Euripides
Life is a long lesson in humility. James M. Barrie
We are who we choose to be. Green Goblin
Life is short, and it is up to you to make it sweet. Sarah Louise Delany
The woman who follows the crowd will usually go no further than the crowd. The woman who walks alone is likely to find herself in places no one has been before. Albert Einstein
I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples. Mother Teresa
The only impossible journey is the one you never begin. Anthony Robbins
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground. Theodore Roosevelt
Doing is a quantum leap from imagining. Barbara Sher
Life has no meaning unless one lives it with a will, at least to the limit of one’s will. Paul Gauguin
If you don’t like something change it; if you can’t change it, change the way you think about it. Mary Engelbreit
The greatest discovery of any generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitude. William James
Change your thoughts and you change your world. Norman Vincent Peale
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them. Walt Disney
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. Oscar Wilde
If you say you can or you can’t you are right either way. Henry Ford
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier. Colin Powell
I am thankful to all who said no to me. It is because of them that I’m doing it myself. Albert Einstein
Everything has its beauty, but not everyone see its. Confucius
Try to enjoy the great festival of life with other men! Epictetus
In the midst of winter, I found there was within me an invincible summer. Albert Camus
When you arise in the morning think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive, to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love. Marcus Aurelius
The aim of life is to live, and to live means to be aware, joyously, drunkenly, serenely, divinely aware. Henry Miller
Every second you have on this planet is very precious and it’s your responsibility that you’re happy. Naval Ravikant
There is no education like adversity. Benjamin Disraeli
I will go anywhere as long as it’s forward. David Livingston
You’re only here for a short visit. Don’t hurry, don’t worry. And be sure to smell the flowers along the way. Walter Hagen
Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough. Emily Dickinson
Most great people have attained their greatest success one step beyond their greatest failure. Napoleon Hill
In the middle of a difficulty lies opportunity. Albert Einstein
Life doesn’t require that we be the best, only that we try our best. H. Jackson Brown Jr.
May you live all the days of your life. Jonathan Swift
Those who realize their folly are not true fools. Zhuangzi
Happiness is the absence of the striving for happiness. Zhuangzi
It always seems impossible until it’s done. Nelson Mandela
Defeat is simply a signal to press onward. Helen Keller
I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. Michael Jordan
Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. Dale Carnegie
The purpose of our lives is to be happy. Dalai Lama
Once you choose hope, anything’s possible. Christopher Reeve
Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there’s so much to smile about. Marilyn Monroe
There is only one happiness in life – to love and to be loved. George Sand
Rise above the storm and you will find the sunshine. Mario Fernandez
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. Truman Capote
Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand. Kurt Vonnegut
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I’m not sure about the universe. Albert Einstein
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn’t hurt. Charles Schulz
Accept who you are. Unless you’re a serial killer. Ellen DeGeneres
When angry, count to four; when very angry, swear. Mark Twain
When life gives you lemons, squirt someone in the eye. Cathy Guisewite
Life is pain. Anyone who says otherwise is selling something. William Goldman
A woman’s mind is cleaner than a man’s: She changes it more often. Oliver Herford
I can resist everything except temptation. Oscar Wilde
I love deadlines, I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by. Douglas Adams
Never trust people who smile constantly. They’re either selling something or not very bright. Laurell K. Hamilton
Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea. Robert A Heinlein
If you’re too open-minded; your brains will fall out. Lawrence Ferlinghetti
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes. Jim Carrey
What a kid I got, I told him about the birds and the bees and he told me about the butcher and my wife. Rodney Dangerfield
Life is made of ever so many partings welded together. Charles Dickens
The more unintelligent a man is, the less mysterious existence seems to him. Arthur Schopenhauer
The shortness of life, so often lamented, may be the best thing about it. Arthur Schopenhauer
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live. Norman Cousins
If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself. Rick Riordan
It’s so hard when I have to, and so easy when I want to. Annie Gottlier
Life is a question and how we live it is our answer. Gary Keller
Life is essentially an endless series of problems. The solution to one problem is merely the creation of the next one. Don’t hope for a life without problems. There’s no such thing. Instead, hope for a life full of good problems. Mark Manson
There are two great days in a person’s life – the day we are born and the day we discover why. William Barclay
Life does not owe you anything because life has already given you everything. Ralph Marston
Maybe that’s what life is… a wink of the eye and winking stars. Jack Kerouac
The stupid neither forgive nor forget; the naïve forgive and forget; the wise forgive but do not forget. Thomas Szasz
What do you want a meaning for? Life is a desire, not a meaning. Charlie Chaplin
Nothing you do is going to matter that much in the long run. Don’t take yourself so seriously. Naval Ravikant
The big lesson in life, baby, is never be scared of anyone or anything. Frank Sinatra
If there’s a single lesson that life teaches us, it’s that wishing doesn’t make it so. Lev Grossman
We are addicted to our thoughts. We cannot change anything if we cannot change our thinking. Santosh Kalwar
In every success story, you will find someone who has made a courageous decision. Peter F. Drucker
We are all different. Don’t judge, understand instead. Roy T. Bennett
Life moves pretty fast. If you don’t stop and look around once in a while you could miss it. Ferris Bueller
A fear-oriented man is always calculating, planning, arranging, safeguarding. His whole life is lost in this way. Osho
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular. Roy T. Bennett
See: it’s a never-ending upward spiral. And if you think at any point you’re allowed to stop climbing, I’m afraid you’re missing the point. Because the joy is in the climb itself. Mark Manson
Our crisis is no longer material; it’s existential, it’s spiritual. We have so much fucking stuff and so many opportunities that we don’t even know what to give a fuck about anymore. Mark Manson
Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create. Roy T. Bennett
People tend to complicate their own lives, as if living weren’t already complicated enough. Carlos Ruiz Zafón
Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment. Rita Mae Brown
Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it’s a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope. Which is what I do, and that enables you to laugh at life’s realities. Dr. Seuss
Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner. Lao Tzu
The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which bridge to burn. David Russell
Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don’t resist them – that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like. Lao Tzu
I think being in love with life is a key to eternal youth. Doug Hutchison
Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within. James Baldwin
Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. Lucille Ball
The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and to let it come in. Morrie Schwartz
If I know what love is, it is because of you. Herman Hesse
In this life we cannot do great things. We can only do small things with great love. Mother Teresa
It is not where we breathe, but where we Love, that we live. Soren Kierkegaard
I love you not because of who you are, but because of who I am when I am with you. Roy Croft
We are shaped and fashioned by what we love. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
When we are in love we seem to ourselves quite different from what we were before. Blaise Pascal
The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost. Gilbert K. Chesterton
Don’t brood. Get on with living and loving. You don’t have forever. Leo Buscaglia
Love is not only something you feel, it is something you do. David Wilkerson
Love is of all passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart and the senses. Lao Tzu
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. Lao Tzu
Love is a better teacher than duty. Albert Einstein
The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart. Helen Keller
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. Oscar Wilde
The only thing we never get enough of is love; and the only thing we never give enough of is love. Henry Miller
Loving people live in a loving world. Hostile people live in a hostile world. Same world. Wayne Dyer
You know you’re in love when you don’t want to fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams. Dr. Seuss
The art of love is largely the art of persistence. Albert Ellis
Love does not dominate; it cultivates. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
We are most alive when we’re in love. John Updike
The giving of love is an education in itself. Eleanor Roosevelt
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you. Elbert Hubbard
Friendship is born at the moment when one man says to another “What! You too? I thought that no one but myself…”. C.S. Lewis
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art… It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things which give value to survival. C.S. Lewis
It is more fun to talk with someone who doesn’t use long, difficult words but rather short, easy words like “What about lunch?”. A.A. Milne
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile. Albert Einstein
The capacity for friendship is God’s way of apologizing for our families. Jay McInerney
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends. Friedrich Nietzsche
There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature. Jane Austen
Happiness is only real when shared. Jon Krakauer
There is nothing better than a friend, unless it is a friend with chocolate. Linda Grayson
Don’t walk in front of me… I may not follow. Don’t walk behind me… I may not lead. Walk beside me… just be my friend. Albert Camus
Family is not an important thing. It’s everything. Michael J. Fox
A happy family is but an earlier heaven. George Bernard Shaw
Show me a family of readers, and I will show you the people who move the world. Napoléon Bonaparte
One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters. George Herbert
The strength of a nation derives from the integrity of the home. Confucius
Each day of our lives we make deposits in the memory banks of our children. Charles R. Swindoll
The only rock I know that stays steady, the only institution I know that works, is the family. Lee Iacocca
Families are the compass that guides us. They are the inspiration to reach great heights, and our comfort when we occasionally falter. Brad Henry
It is not flesh and blood but the heart which makes us fathers and sons. Johann Schiller
When everything goes to hell, the people who stand by you without flinching – they are your family. Jim Butcher
The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother. Theodore Hesburgh
Family means no one gets left behind or forgotten. David Ogden Stiers
Children are a poor man’s riches. English Proverb
Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family. Anthony Brandt
In family relationships, love is really spelled T.I.M.E. Dieter F. Uchtdorf
If you cannot get rid of the family skeleton, you may as well make it dance. George Bernard Shaw
I have learned that to be with those I like is enough. Walt Whitman
Life is trying things to see if they work. Ray Bradbury
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life. Charles Darwin
Life is pretty simple: You do some stuff. Most fails. Some works. You do more of what works. Leonardo da Vinci
Success is about creating value. Candice Carpenter
The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you. Bette Midler
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. Winston Churchill
Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I can’t give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time. Herbert Bayard Swope
If at first you don’t succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it. W.C. Fields
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation. Herman Melville
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence; then success is sure. Mark Twain
Good is not enough. You’ve got to be great. Simon Cowell
Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get. W.P. Kinsella
Have no fear of perfection – you’ll never reach it. Salvador Dali
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. Confucius
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. Winston S. Churchill
Without the rain there would be no rainbow. Gilbert Chesterton
Challenges, failures, defeats and ultimately, progress, are what make your life worthwhile. Maxime Lagacé
Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness. Steve Maraboli
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. Ralph Waldo Emerson
You cannot find peace avoiding life. Virginia Woolf
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. Albert Einstein
Life’s under no obligation to give us what we expect. Margaret Mitchell
Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it. Charles Swindoll
All of life is peaks and valleys. Don’t let the peaks get too high and the valleys too low. John Wooden
However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at. Stephen Hawking
I enjoy life when things are happening. I don’t care if it’s good things or bad things. That means you’re alive. Joan Rivers
The truth is you don’t know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride, and nothing is guaranteed. Eminem
If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor. Eleanor Roosevelt
<strong>Life is</strong> too mysterious to try to map it out. I’ve certainly lived long enough to know it will take you places you never thought it would take you – and some of those places are kind of wonderful. Alan Ball
Life is like a box of sardines and we are all looking for the key. Alan Bennett
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises. Samuel Butler
Life is like music for its own sake. We are living in an eternal now, and when we listen to music we are not listening to the past, we are not listening to the future, we are listening to an expanded present. Alan Watts
The purpose of human life is to serve and to show compassion and the will to help others. Albert Schweitzer
The tragedy of life is what dies inside a man while he lives. Albert Schweitzer
Reverence for life is the highest court of appeal. Albert Schweitzer
Life is a mixing of all kind of things: comedy and tragedy going together. Alejandro Jodorowsky
Life is to entered upon with courage. Alexis de Tocqueville
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through. Where people fail is that they wish to elect a state and remain in it. This is a kind of death. <strong>Anais Nin</strong>
Life is a gift, given in trust – like a child. Anne Morrow Lindbergh
Life is a process. We are a process. The universe is a process. Anne Wilson Schaef
Life is an illusion. I am held together in the nothingness by art. Anselm Kiefer
Life is a dance floor. So dance, don’t miss the chance. Bar Refaeli
Life is too short to be little. Man is never so manly as when he feels deeply, acts boldly, and expresses himself with frankness and with fervor. Benjamin Disraeli
Life is beautiful because it doesn’t last. Brit Marling
The meaning of life is that it is to be lived, and it is not be traded and conceptualized and squeezed into a pattern of systems. Bruce Lee
Life is an ever-flowing process and somewhere on the path some unpleasant things will pop up – it might leave a scar, but then life is flowing, and like running water, when it stops it grows stale. Go bravely on, my friend, because each experience teaches us a lesson. Keep blasting because life is such that sometimes it is nice and sometimes it is not. Bruce Lee
The good life is a process, not a state of being. It is a direction not a destination. Carl Rogers
Life is like an onion: you peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep. Carl Sandburg
Life is a tragedy when seen in close-up, but a comedy in long-shot. Charlie Chaplin
The goal of life is living in agreement with nature. Citium Zeno
Life is a lively process of becoming. Douglas MacArthur
Life isn’t as serious as the mind makes it out to be. Eckhart Tolle
Life is just one damned thing after another. Elbert Hubbard
Our whole life is solving puzzles. Erno Rubik
Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. George Bernard Shaw
Life is a dead-end street. H. L. Mencken
Life is largely a matter of expectation. Homer
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It’s the transition tat’s troublesome. Isaac Asimov
My life is about ups and downs, great joys and great losses. Isabel Allende
Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well. Jack London
Life is short. You have to be able to laugh at our pain or we never move on. Jeff Ross
Life is truly a ride. We’re all strapped in and no one can stop it. When the doctor slaps your behind, he’s ripping your ticket and away you go. As you make each passage from youth to adulthood to maturity, sometimes you put your arms up and scream, sometimes you just hang on to that bar in front of you. But the ride is the thing. I think the most you can hope for at the end of life is that your hair’s messed, you’re out of breath, and you didn’t throw up. Jerry Seinfeld
Life is empty, and realizing that, we want to fill it, we are seeking – seeking ways and means, not only to fill this emptiness but also to find something that is not to be measured by man. <strong>Jiddu Krishnamurti</strong>
<strong>Life is</strong> tragic but it’s equally comic. John Banville
Life is hard. After all, it kills you. Katharine Hepburn
The sole meaning of life is to serve humanity. Leo Tolstoy
Life is neither good or evil, but only a place for good and evil. <strong>Marcus Aurelius</strong>
Life is a series of commas, not periods. Unknown
Life is growth. If we stop growing, technically and spiritually, we are as good as dead. Morihei Ueshiba
Life is really a dance if you are original, and you are meant to be original. Osho
Life is not a problem. To look at it as a problem is to take a wrong step. It is a mystery to be lived, loved, experienced. Osho
Life is a zoo in a jungle. Peter De Vries
Life is to be lived, not controlled, and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat. Ralph Ellison
Life isn’t a matter of milestones, but of moments. Rose Kennedy
The joy of life consists in the inevitable, continual triumph of new values. Wassily Kandinsky
Life is a game and true love is a trophy. Rufus Wainwright
Life is not an exact science, it is an art. Samuel Butler
Life is one long process of getting tired. Samuel Butler
Life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor. Sholom Aleichem
Life is a movie; death is a photograph. Susan Sontag
Life is fragile. We’re not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you’ve got. Tim Cook (Apple CEO)
Life is about learning; when you stop learning, you die. Tom Clancy
Life is lived on the edge. Will Smith
Most of life is tragic. You’re born, you don’t know why. You’re here, you don’t know why. You go, you die. Your family dies. Your friends die. People suffer. People live in constant terror. The world is full of poverty and corruption and war and Nazis and tsunamis. The net result, the final count is, you lose – you don’t beat the house. <strong>Woody Allen</strong>
Life is full of misery, loneliness, and suffering – and it’s all over much too soon. Woody Allen
Only one life, that soon is past, only what’s done with love will last.
